Recovering thee underlying structure from images

Pose Estimation

RGB(D) Image -> 3D structure -> 3D understanding

# 3D Representations

Geometric representations in deep learning broadly can be divided into 3 classes:

- voxel-based: limited in resolution, offer no topological guarantees, cannot represent sharp features
- point-based: memory issues, do not capture manifold connectivity
- mesh-based

State-of-the-art deep learning systems output 3D geometry as **point clouds**, **triangle meshes**, **voxel grids**, and **implicit surfaces**

## Volumetric
3D Voxel Grids

- 3D ShapeNets, Deep Belief Network, 2015
- 3D GAN, 2016
- Sparse 3D Convolutional Networks, 2016

## Light Field Representation (LFD)

## Multi-view

## Triangular mesh

## Point cloud

- PointNet, PointNet++

## Implicit representation
arbitrary topology

decision boundary

- Occupancy Network, CVPR 2019
    - octree
- DeepSDF, signed distance field, CVPR 2019
    - Shape completion: noisy pointcloud -> mesh
    - why model sharp edge? ReLU: piece-wise smooth
- pixel2mesh, graph convolutional network, 2018
    - graph unpooling layer: subdivision=deconvolution
    - motivated by geometric mesh flow
    - perceptual feature pooling
    - Regularization: Laplacian-smoothness

## 3D Reconstruction

### Evaluation

#### Light filed distance (LFD)

measures the visual similarity in rendered imagesof predicted and the ground truth at different views.

measures the visual quality of object surfaces.

#### Point-to-surface distance (P2F)

measures the minimum distance from the sampled points of the predicted to the surface of the ground truth.

point-wise distance.

#### Chamfer distance (CD)

measures the bidirectional shortest distance between the point samples of the predicted and the ground truth.

point-wise distance.

## 3D Generation

### Evaluation

#### Frechet Inception Distance (FID)

It is introduced by Heusel et al in 2017.

It calculates the distance between the feature vectors of real images and the feature vectors of fake images(generated by the generator). The lower FID score represents that the quality of images generated by the generator is higher and similar to the real ones.

- Use the Inception V2 pre-trained model to extract the feature vectors of real images and fake images(Generated by the generator)
- Calculate the feature-wise mean of the feature vectors generated in step 1
- Generate the covariance matrices of the feature vectors — C, C_w
- Calculate trace(The sum of the elements along the main diagonal of the square matrix) of (C+C_w-2*(C*Cₓ)¹/2)
- Calculate the squared difference of the mean vectors calculated in step 2 — ||m-m_w||²
Finally, add the output of step 4 and step 5